Columns - Description

Subject Age Group:	Subject Age Group (10 year increments) as reported by the officer.	Plain Text

Subject ID: 	Key, generated daily, identifying unique subjects in the dataset using a character to character match of first name and last name. "Null" values indicate an "anonymous" or "unidentified" subject. Subjects of a Terry Stop are not required to present identification.

GO / SC Num:	General Offense or Street Check number, relating the Terry Stop to the parent report. This field may have a one to many relationship in the data.

Terry Stop ID:	Key identifying unique Terry Stop reports.

Stop Resolution:	Resolution of the stop as reported by the officer.

Weapon Type:	Type of weapon, if any, identified during a search or frisk of the subject. Indicates "None" if no weapons was found.

Officer ID:	Key identifying unique officers in the dataset.

Officer YOB:	Year of birth, as reported by the officer.

Officer Gender:	Gender of the officer, as reported by the officer.

Officer Race:	Race of the officer, as reported by the officer.

Subject Perceived Race:	Perceived race of the subject, as reported by the officer.

Subject Perceived Gender:	Perceived gender of the subject, as reported by the officer.

Reported Date:	Date the report was filed in the Records Management System (RMS). Not necessarily the date the stop occurred but generally within 1 day.

Reported Time:	Time the stop was reported in the Records Management System (RMS). Not the time the stop occurred but generally within 10 hours.

Initial Call Type:	Initial classification of the call as assigned by 911.

Final Call Type:	Final classification of the call as assigned by the primary officer closing the event.

Call Type:	How the call was received by the communication center.

Officer Squad:	Functional squad assignment (not budget) of the officer as reported by the Data Analytics Platform (DAP).

Arrest Flag:	Indicator of whether a "physical arrest" was made, of the subject, during the Terry Stop. Does not necessarily reflect a report of an arrest in the Records Management System (RMS).

Frisk Flag:	Indicator of whether a "frisk" was conducted, by the officer, of the subject, during the Terry Stop.

Precinct:	Precinct of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.

Sector:	Sector of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.

Beat:	Beat of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.

